= The NTPsec core team =
:toc!:
:numbered!:

In alphabetical order:

== Mark Atwood ==

Mark Atwood is our Project Manager pro-tem.

Mark is the Director of Open Source Engagement at Hewlett Packard
Enterprise. His experience includes working with and creating
technology industry foundations, standards bodies, and conference
organizing committees, usually because "it needs doing". He prefers to
work behind the scenes. He describes his job as "learning amazing
stuff and meeting amazing people, and then introducing them all to
each other". His previous employment includes being the Open Source
Advocate for Red Hat OpenShift, the Community Manager for Eucalyptus
Systems, the Director of Community Development for Gear6 Memcached,
and a Senior Technology Advisor for Network.com at Sun
Microsystems. He is a coauthor of the OAuth Core specification, and is
the co-owner of an industrial-art makerspace.

When he is not traveling, he makes his home in Seattle.

== John D. Bell ==

John is our systems administrator and infrastructure gnome.

John has been using, programming, and administering Unix and
Linux systems for more than 30 years, and at a glance could
be confused with User Friendly's "Sid".  He has previously
consulted to AT&T Information Systems and the Ford Motor
Company, and currently works at The University of Toledo
(Ohio).  He prefers to operate Chinese-stagehand-style, quietly
and unobtrusively keeping all the widgets lubricated and wheels
turning.

When not working on open source systems and projects, John
hacks on Victorian houses with his wife and aspires to write
science fiction.

== Daniel Fox Franke ==

Daniel is the team's InfoSec specialist and first responder for
security issues, and is our cryptographic specialist and code reviewer.

Daniel is a Principal Security Researcher at Akamai Technologies. His
job is to help engineers write safer code, particularly when it
involves cryptography, and with the assistance of formal methods when
appropriate.

Daniel's hobbies include running, mountaineering, and dog sledding. He
has swum to shore from Alcatraz Island and solo summited Mt.
Washington in February in 65mph winds. He tweets as
https://twitter.com/dfranke[@dfranke] and blogs irregularly at
https://www.dfranke.us[Indistinguishable from Random].

== Gary E. Miller ==

Gary is our GPS and PPS guy.

To pay it forward, he has worked on the gpsd project for over ten years,
and so brings that wealth of experience to the NTPsec project.

After graduating from Brown University with two degrees, GEM spent over
20 years in Silicon Valley doing Automated Test Equipment, reverse
engineering, and forward engineering for a wide range of tech companies.

After moving to Bend, OR in 1998 Gary shifted more into the softer side
of the internet.  Now he commutes and telecommutes all over the world to
consult on a wide variety of projects.

When the gravity of the world seems to build up, he takes to the skies,
with his dog as co-pilot, in a small plane to commune with nature.

== Hal Murray ==

Hal is our voice of wisdom.

Hal is a retired engineer who worked at the hardware/software
boundary.  He won't be insulted if you call him a geek, nerd, or
hacker.  He likes chasing glitches, quirks, and bugs.  Hal caught the
time bug a long time ago; in the early 80s, the time servers at Xerox
PARC were set from his watch.

== Eric S. Raymond ==

Eric is our architecture and protocols guru.

Eric S. Raymond has been the technical lead of GPSD, a close peer
project of NTP and one of its principal time sources, since 2004. GPSD
has billions of deployments in Android smartphones world wide and is a
mission-critical component in most of the world's drones and
driverless cars and robot submarines. He is also well-known as the author
of _The Cathedral and the Bazaar_ and one of the founders of the
modern open-source movement.

ESR brings the NTPsec project deep expertise in software architecture,
DSLs, application-protocol design, end-to-end testing, and several
other technical areas. His tools jailbroke the NTP Classic repository
out of BitKeeper, and he composed a lot of the website you're viewing.

In his spare time, Eric trains in kung fu and Western sword, shoots
pistols, http://esr.ibiblio.org/[writes a blog], and reads science
fiction.

== Joel Sherrill ==

Joel specializes in safety-critical, high integrity systems.

Dr. Joel Sherrill has worked on a variety of safety-critical real-time
embedded systems for almost thirty years and an has been an active
participant in the open-source software community for most of
that. Joel is one of the original authors and project lead for
RTEMS.org, a free real-time operating system.  In addition to being a
contributor to multiple free software projects, Joel is a founding
member of the Steering Committee for the Free Software Foundation's
GNU Compiler Collection (GCC) and has served on the Network Time
Foundation Board.

In his copious free time Joel travels, hosts parties, and helps
maintain the unofficial Elvis Costello fan site.

== Susan Sons ==

Susan is the team's InfoSec specialist emeritus.

Susan is a Senior Systems Analyst at Indiana University's Center for
Applied Cybersecurity Research, and is director of the Internet Civil
Engineering Institute, a nonprofit dedicated to supporting and
securing the common software infrastructure we all depend on. Susan
comes from a background in abuse management, web development, and web
application pentesting.

In her free time, Susan writes, practices and teaches martial arts,
contributes to open-source software, and volunteers as a
search-and-rescue and disaster relief worker. Susan lives and raises
her mini-hacker in Bloomington, IN.

Known vulnerabilities: can be bribed with dark chocolate, occasionally
disappears into forests for extended periods.

== Amar Takhar ==

Amar is our testing and infrastructure specialist emeritus.

Amar has worked on both software and hardware testing for 18 years.  He has
designed several complete testing systems for Continuous Integration,
operational, and structured testing.  Amar has a strong passion for design
conformance, quality assurance, big data and cross platform compatibility.  With
over 20 years in the open-source community and long-term commitment to several
projects he also enjoys spending his spare time in the garden, running,
reading, and cooking.

image::clocktower64.png[align="center"]

//end
